## Meeting Info

**Date:** 12th August
**Time:** 2:00pm
**Location:** In person, PBL
**Note taker:** Oliver Starkey

## Attendance

- [x] Oliver Starkey
- [x] Julian Lewis
- [x] Matthew Wang
- [x] Alex Zhang
- [x] Zoy Zhong

## Agenda

- [x] Go over the email Harry sent us
- [x] Discuss first sprint

---
## Summary

* Discussed communication with a client (do we need to setup that shared document or will Harry?)
* Made sure everyone is setup with the technologies (GitHub, node, bun etc.)
* Decided repo structure (2 high-level directories: frontend (app), backend (server))
* Discussed use of Figma and frontend design

**Technology Stack:**
- Frontend/app interface: React Native with typescript + (Likely) Expo
- API Server: Bun.js (with Typescript)
- Database: PostgreSQL

## Action Items

* Oliver to email Harry about how this shared document for collating questions
* Julian to write initial sprint document
	* Everyone else to review 
	* Self-assignment to tasks (use Kanban board in GitHub Projects)
* Julian to write git contribution rules and formalities document (pull requests etc.)
* Setup Figma (shared document?)
* Collate questions for client (many will likely arise once design process starts)
* Double check with client that Expo OK (concerned it might not be up to production standard)

## Next Meeting

* Likely no full team meeting before Thursday tutorial
